Brownies=========Servings: approx. 12 - 24Ingredients------------ 1 2/3 cups sugar- 3/4 cup butter- 1 tbs honey*- 1 tbsp vegetable oil* - 2 eggs- 2 tsp vanilla extract- 1 tsp expresso powder- 1/4 tsp salt- 1/2 tsp baking soda                   - 1 1/3 cups flour                                                                                                                                             - Nuts (optional mix in)   - Chocolate chips or chunks (optional mix in)    - Powdered sugar (optional topping)Equipment---------- Glass or metal pan 9x9 or 9x13 (you can double the recipe or have thin crunchy brownies)- Mixing bowl and spoon- Measuring cups and spoonsSteps-----1. Preheat the oven to 350F.2. Melt the butter and mix the butter, sugar, honey, oil, vanilla extract, expresso powder, and salt. Break the eggs and mix them in. Mix in the baking soda and flour and optional mix in ingredients.3. Grease a pan with oil, butter, or crisco. Put the brownie mix into the pan and spread it out as evenly as possible.4. Bake the brownies for about 20 - 25 minutes. The knife/toothpick test works less well for brownies, since they can be very sticky, but if the edges are getting dark they're probably done. Take them out to cool. Sprinkle powdered sugar on the top of the brownies if desired.    Notes-----    - *The honey and vegetable oil can be substituted for 1 tbsp water each according to original recipe, but will probably make a less tasty brownie. You can also leave out the expresso powder, but- Adding chocolate will probably make the top shiny and crispy. You can also add peanut butter, but don't completely stir it in - you want more of a swirl effect throughout the brownies.- The batter is pretty sticky and annoying to spread in the pan.- This is derived from [this recipe](https://www.food.com/recipe/chewy-cocoa-brownies-13729).