Rosemary bread=========Servings: 8 (or however much you can shove into your mouth)Ingredients------------ 3 cups flour- 1 teaspoon yeast- 1 1/2 teaspoon salt- 1 1/2 warm water- 2 tablespooons chopped rosemary (fresh or dried)- thyme (optional)- garlic (optional)- kosher salt (optional, to put on top)Equipment---------- Large pot that can go into the oven (make sure it doesn't have any plastic on it and it can go into the oven)- Large mixing bowl- Kitchen towel or saran wrapSteps-----1. Put flour, yeast, salt, most of the rosemary (save some for later to put on top), warm water, and optionally a bit of garlic and thyme in a large mixing bowl.2. Mix everything together. Don't overmix it, stop when it's a ball of dough.3. Cover the bowl with a towel or saran wrap and leave it to rise for a few hours (4-24). The oven is a good place to put it (just don't forget about it).4. Preheat the oven to 450°. When the oven is ready take the towel off the bowl. The dough should have risen a fair bit. 5. Moosh the dough into a ball (you can use flour to keep it from sticking to your hands) and put it into a large oven safe pot. Put the rest of the rosemary on top of the dough and optionally sprinkle a bit of kosher salt and thyme as well.6. Put the pot containing the dough into the oven and cook it for about 30 minutes. It should be crispy and golden brown when done.Notes------ This is super good for dipping in olive oil and garlic. Also works well with pasta dishes.- Don't put chunks of fresh garlic on top unless you like burnt garlic.- Be careful cutting the bread, especially if it's a little stale.- This is derived from Sarah Westover McKenna's recipe [here](https://www.bombshellbling.com/no-knead-rosemary-artisan-bread-2/).